---
page_title: "Atlassian Cloud: atlassian_jira_myself"
subcategory: "Jira Cloud"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific atlassian_jira_myself.
---

# Data Source: atlassian_jira_myself

Provides details about a specific `atlassian_jira_myself`.

Learn more about [Jira User Details](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/manage-your-user-profile/).

See more details about the [Jira Cloud REST API for Myself](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-myself/#api-rest-api-3-myself-get).

-> **Note** The `atlassian_jira_myself` data source provides information about the current user whose credentials are set in environment variables `ATLASSIAN_USERNAME` and `ATLASSIAN_TOKEN` to configure the ATLASSIAN provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "atlassian_jira_myself" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the user, which uniquely identifies the user across all Atlassian products.
- `account_type` (String) The user account type. Can take the following values: `atlassian`, `app`, `customer`.
- `active` (Boolean) Whether the user is active.
- `application_roles` (Attributes Set) The application roles the user is assigned to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_roles))
- `avatar_urls` (Attributes) The avatars of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--avatar_urls))
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user. Depending on the user’s privacy setting, this may return an alternative value.
- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user. Depending on the user’s privacy setting, this may be returned as null.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) The groups that the user belongs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `id` (String) The ID of myself. Defaults to value of `account_id`.
- `locale` (String) The locale of the user. Depending on the user’s privacy setting, this may be returned as null.
- `self` (String) The URL of the user.
- `timezone` (String) The time zone specified in the user's profile. Depending on the user’s privacy setting, this may be returned as null.

<a id="nestedatt--application_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_roles`

Read-Only:

- `default_groups` (List of String) The groups that are granted default access for this application role.
- `groups` (List of String) The groups associated with the application role.
- `has_unlimited_seats` (Boolean) Whether unlimited user licenses are available.
- `key` (String) The key of the application role.
- `name` (String) The display name of the application role.
- `number_of_seats` (Number) The maximum count of users on your license.
- `platform` (Boolean) Indicates if the application role belongs to Jira platform (jira-core).
- `remaining_seats` (Number) The count of users remaining on your license.
- `select_by_default` (Boolean) Determines whether this application role should be selected by default on user creation.
- `user_count` (Number) The number of users counting against your license.
- `user_count_description` (String) The type of users being counted against your license.


<a id="nestedatt--avatar_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `avatar_urls`

Read-Only:

- `p16x16` (String) The URL of the item's 16x16 pixel avatar.
- `p24x24` (String) The URL of the item's 24x24 pixel avatar.
- `p32x32` (String) The URL of the item's 32x32 pixel avatar.
- `p48x48` (String) The URL of the item's 48x48 pixel avatar.


<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the group.
- `self` (String) The URL for the group details.
