---
page_title: "Provider: Atlassian Cloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use the Atlassian Cloud provider to interact with the many resources supported by Atlassian. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.
---

# ATLASSIAN Cloud Provider

Use the Atlassian Cloud provider to interact with the many resources supported by Atlassian. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

~> **Important:** For production use, you should constrain the acceptable provider versions via configuration,
to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be automatically installed.
For more information, see [Versions](#versions).

~> **Important:** This provider requires [Terraform >= 1.0](https://www.terraform.io/language/upgrade-guides/1-0).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    atlassian = {
      source  = "openscientia/atlassian"
      version = "~> 0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "atlassian" {
  url      = "https://foo-bar.atlassian.net"
  username = "foo@bar.com"
  apitoken = "foo&bar123"
}

resource "atlassian_issue_type" "foo" {
  name = "bar"
}
```

## Authentication and Configuration

Configuration for the ATLASSIAN Provider can be derived from several sources, which are applied in the following order:

1. Parameters in the provider configuration
1. Environment variables

> **Hands-on:** [How to create an Atlassian REST API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/).

### Provider Configuration

!> **Warning** Hard-coded credentials are not recommended in any Terraform configuration and risks secret leakage should this file ever be committed to a public version control system.

Credentials can be provided by adding an `urk`, `username`, and `apitoken` to the `atlassian` provider block.

Usage:

```terraform
provider "atlassian" {
  url      = "https://foo-bar.atlassian.net"
  username = "foo@bar.com"
  apitoken = "foo&bar123"
}
```

### Environment Variables

Credentials can be provided by using the `ATLASSIAN_URL`, `ATLASSIAN_USERNAME`, and `ATLASSIAN_TOKEN` environment variables.

Example:

```hcl
provider "atlassian" {}
```

```sh
$ export ATLASSIAN_URL=https://foo-bar.atlassian.net
$ export ATLASSIAN_USERNAME=foo@bar.com
$ export ATLASSIAN_APITOKEN=foo&bar123
$ terraform plan
```

## Versions

For production use, you should constrain the acceptable provider versions via
configuration, to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be
automatically installed by `terraform init` in the future:

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    atlassian = {
      source  = "openscientia/atlassian"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}
```

As this provider is still at version zero, you should constrain the acceptable
provider versions on the minor version.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `apitoken` (String, Sensitive) Atlassian API Token. Can also be set with the `ATLASSIAN_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `url` (String) Atlassian Host URL. Can also be set with the `ATLASSIAN_URL` environment variable.
- `username` (String) Atlassian Username. Can also be set with the `ATLASSIAN_USERNAME` environment variable.