---
page_title: "Atlassian Cloud: atlassian_jira_group"
subcategory: "Jira Cloud"
description: |-
  Manages atlassian_jira_group.
---

# Resource: atlassian_jira_group

Provides an `atlassian_jira_group` resource.

Learn more about [Jira Groups](https://support.atlassian.com/user-management/docs/create-and-update-groups/).

See more details about the [Jira Cloud Platform REST API for Groups](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-groups/#api-group-groups).

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "atlassian_jira_group" "example" {
  name = "foo"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) (Forces new resource) The name of the group.

### Read-Only

- `group_id` (String) The ID of the group, which uniquely identifies the group across all Atlassian products.
- `id` (String) The ID of the group. Defaults to `group_id`.
- `self` (String) The URL for these group details.
- `users` (Attributes Set) The list of users in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the user, which uniquely identifies the user across all Atlassian products.
- `account_type` (String) The type of account represented by this user. This will be one of 'atlassian' (normal users), 'app' (application user) or 'customer' (Jira Service Desk customer user)
- `active` (Boolean) Whether the user is active.
- `avatar_urls` (Attributes) The avatars of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--avatar_urls))
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user. Depending on the user’s privacy settings, this may return an alternative value.
- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user. Depending on the user’s privacy settings, this may be returned as null.
- `self` (String) The URL of the user.
- `timezone` (String) The time zone specified in the user's profile. Depending on the user’s privacy settings, this may be returned as null.

<a id="nestedatt--users--avatar_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.avatar_urls`

Read-Only:

- `p16x16` (String) The URL of the item's 16x16 pixel avatar.
- `p24x24` (String) The URL of the item's 24x24 pixel avatar.
- `p32x32` (String) The URL of the item's 32x32 pixel avatar.
- `p48x48` (String) The URL of the item's 48x48 pixel avatar.

## Import

`atlassian_jira_group` can be imported using `name`, e.g.,

```sh
$ terraform import atlassian_jira_group.example foo
```
